well howdy there Internet people its
bubble again so today we're gonna talk
about what you can do specifically what
you can do from home I got a message and
it basically said you know I'm not a
scientist I'm at risk I can't go
anywhere in volunteer I don't know what
I can do to help I feel like I should be
helping and frankly I'm staying at home
and going out of my mind it's not
exactly what it said but it was roughly
that sentiment and that was the way I
read it I'm sure there are a lot of
people that feel like that and as I'm
reading it I had no idea how to respond
but somebody tweeted an article with the
hashtag rule 303 literally 30 seconds
later so if you are in this situation
you can be folding at home the word
folding the symbol at home it is a
project ran by Stanford and what it does
is it basically takes over borrows your
computing power anything you're not
using it's using for research there's a
network of these computers they're
distributed and all of the processing
power is kind of added together and the
research is folding proteins I guess
really know how this works exactly and
then the information the research is
shared with all the labs who are trying
to come up with ways to counteract it so
this could actually be critical
life-saving information and you can do
it from the comfort of your own home
it looks pretty easy to set up I haven't
done it yet I'll be honest but probably
well there will always be some way for
everybody to contribute everybody can do
something in any situation
you just have to figure out what it is
and how it is and there you go so there
it is I'm gonna go ahead and say that
over the next couple of weeks as we're
going through this I would imagine
there's probably gonna be a little watt
on that a lot but a few videos like this
that are just short getting information
out that I think should be out I know
that's not exactly what people signed up
for on this channel but I think
everybody will forgive me for
interrupting this broadcast you know the
power of the internet is disseminating
information so I would feel bad not
using it for that purpose so folding at
home and you should be able to find it
really easy through whatever your
favorite search engine is anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night